Hey, hey! Stick to the trees.
Right there on the ground!
Run!
Baby!
I think he knows.
No, he doesn't know. He can't.
By the time he figures out
we're not coming back,
we'll be long gone.
Hey.
We risk our lives
every time we steal for him.
Why not risk our lives for us?
No one's ever
stolen from Rabbit.
He doesn't know.
Everything will be fine.
Sync for DEMAND by achelec
www.addic7ed.com
Are we back
on track, Mr. Hanson?
We're still playing catch-up after
that power failure yesterday,
but I'll keep them late and we
should be caught up by Sunday.
Friday.
Okay. Friday. I'm on it.
Oh, I'm on it, motherfucker.
Get down here.
You know for a fact
the Yoders are out of town?
Yeah. Away till Tuesday.
Okay.
Get out of here.
- Good to go, boys.
- All right.
It's an original masonry house.
All the houses
in this neighborhood
came up in the late 1920s.
If you wanted to paint
over this green in here.
- But I'll be here...
- Excuse me just a moment.
Mrs. Hopewell, good morning.
What are you doing here?
Same as everyone else.
I'm looking to put down roots.
This room has great
morning light.
Would you like
to see the kitchen?
Sure.
What the fuck are you doing?
- You've been training.
- What the fuck are you doing?
This is my life.
- Ana.
- My name is Carrie.
Either way, I still love you.
If that's true, then you'll
leave here and never come back.
Carrie?
Um, your phone.
Shit! Okay. Hello?
Nice kitchen.
Mrs. Hopewell,
this is Principal Merrick.
I'm calling to let
you know that Deva
is not in school
again this morning.
I wanted to check
if she was feeling ill.
No, no, she's not,
but I can assure you
she's going to be.
I hope she's okay.
Please let us know. Thanks.
Hey, it's Deva.
Leave a message.
Or don't.
Deva, where are you?
♪ You're so, so fine ♪
♪ Even when you're dropping,
you're down like a man ♪
♪ I know you're just a boy,
but I could hardly tell ♪
♪ And no one really cares. ♪
Whoo!
How's it going?
Yo, man. Are we putting
the Skulls with these?
- Just sort it and show me.
- Reed?
- Hey, Hanson.
- Hey, Reed.
Who the fuck are they?
It's okay. They're cool.
Move.
Well, come here, cool girls.
Go on.
You ask and Arno delivers.
The Red Skull stamp
as promised.
Pretty sweet, huh?
Now if we can just
settle up our account...
- Hey.
- Ah! Ow, man!
Hey, fuckhead, you got high
while you're working for me?
- Are you fucking crazy?
- No way, man. I'm a professional.
So you're not
tripping right now?
I'm straight, man.
Look at me.
Fucking tweaker.
Get him out of here.
Move it.
Fuck you, motherfucker!
I'm gonna kick your ass.
- Fuck you.
- Yo, chill out, man. Get off of me.
Fuck off! Go!
Come here.
Are you cool?
What is it?
Some of the pills aren't pure.
- There's caffeine in them.
- You know what?
How about you leave
the chemistry to me
and just go back
and make the fucking pills?
What's going on?
You're in.
Midnight tomorrow
at Yoder's barn.
- You know it?
- Yeah.
And you girls will
spread the word, right?
Hells yeah, we will.
Let's go, Deva.
- Hey.
- Sheriff.
You're late.
What, do I need
a note from home?
Couldn't reach you
on your radio.
I'm here now. What do you need?
What I need, what we need,
is a sheriff
that answers his radio.
All right?
I'll take that
under advisement.
Look, I don't know how
you did things in Oregon...
- Shut up, Brock.
- What?
- What the hell did you just say to me?
- I won't tell you twice.
Mr. Proctor.
There he is.
That looks painful.
I'll survive.
May I have a word in private?
Kobe steaks. My best.
Thank you.
Well, you saved my life.
I was just doing my job.
I'm sure by now you've
gleaned that there are people
in Banshee,
our young mayor among them,
who would have been happy
to see me go down.
Yeah, why is that?
Oh...
some people find my business
practices a little aggressive.
I don't deny it.
Not everyone shares
my vision for this town.
But that's a talk
for another time.
The reason I stopped in is to warn
you about the Moody brothers.
Warn me?
Yeah, they might be swimming in
the shallow end of the gene pool,
but they're a fiercely
loyal clan.
Been in this town
almost as long as my people.
And they will be out for blood.
I'll keep my eye out.
Sheriff, I wouldn't
be bothering you
if I didn't think you have a
serious problem on your hands.
I don't deny your abilities.
It's just that your hands
are tied by this office,
whereas I have a talent
for resolving problems
like this one quietly.
I appreciate your concern,
but...
I think I'll just take
things as they come.
It could be that I'm speaking
globally here, Sheriff,
beyond the Moody situation.
You see, I've got a good number
of local business interests
that need to be kept
running smoothly.
These interests can occasionally
generate difficulties,
but they also
generate revenues.
Significant revenues.
What do you want, Mr. Proctor?
I might ask you the same
question, Sheriff Hood.
I'm good.
But thank you.
You take care of that.
It could go bad pretty fast.
- Where's my fucking money?
- You'll get it.
- Where'd you land?
- In hell.
Do you have any idea
what I'm surrounded by?
Skee-fucking-Ball,
cotton-fucking-candy,
and sea-fucking-gulls.
Is that a cape?
This is Diane von
Furstenberg, chica.
Shoo. Go get pregnant.
- So?
- Bitch, you got lucky on this one.
Lucas Hood had virtually
no living relatives,
an estranged ex-wife
and son he ain't seen in years.
I couldn't even find
any close friends.
And he ain't into
the grid, neither.
No Facebook, no Twitter.
Your cover is good for now.
Except...
Except what?
Except that being where you are
makes you the dumbest
bitch that I know!
Oh, not you, Snooki.
So, how's she look?
She looks good.
Hold it!
Sorry, it's been
that kind of week.
- You okay?
- Yeah.
Then let's have some fun.
You and your Hula Poppers.
If you're after serious game,
you'd better come ready.
Live bait is the way to go.
Nah. I've been winning
fishing derbies
since you were
a speck of sperm.
I hear you have the new sheriff
living over your garage.
Huh? Seems kind of strange for
an ex-con renting to a lawman.
Doesn't it bother you?
Apparently not as much
as it bothers you.
At some point, I might begin
to question your loyalty.
No, I'm just
a broken-down ex-con.
I don't choose sides.
Kai.
You talk about serious game?
Hood is serious game.
Like you've never seen.
So if you come for him,
you'd better come ready.
Take care of yourself, Sugar.
Yeah, you, too.
No, no, no. You can't
be here tonight.
And yet I am.
Cole Moody's wake.
His brothers
are drunker than usual,
if that's possible.
Now, we've already
had two fistfights.
That's just between
family members.
Can I at least get a sandwich?
Hey.
All right.
All right, just...
Whatever it takes
to get you out of here.
Look, here. Come on, take 'em.
Come on, eat 'em. Plenty
more where that came from.
Come on.
All right?
Sheriff Hood.
Yeah?
You don't know
who I am, do you?
Not yet.
I'm Kat Moody.
You killed my husband.
And now you're
sitting here eating food
prepared for his wake,
food that I paid for.
Well, I apologize
about the food.
That was in bad taste.
But not for killing my husband?
He smashed me
in the head with a pipe
and then fired a gun
at a crowded party.
So, while I am sorry
for your grief...
He laid a good one on you.
He did.
You're the second
woman to hit me today.
I bet that's
a slow day for you.
Mmm.
Jesus Christ.
Marcus, Dex, put those away.
Shut up, Kat, and get inside.
You Moody boys sure do
like your six-shooters.
You got permits for those?
You won't be around
long enough to find out.
You're not gonna shoot a man
at your brother's wake.
What the hell
is wrong with you?
We're doing this for Cole.
Cole was a mean drunk
and he got what was coming.
You watch your mouth, bitch.
I'll kill you, too.
Hey, you're Marcus, right?
And you're Dex?
That's right.
Okay, Marcus, Dex,
- you have the right to remain silent.
- That's far enough.
Anything you do say can be used
against you in a court of law.
- You believe the balls on this guy?
- He thinks he's arresting us.
- You have the right to an attorney.
- Shut the fuck up.
Why don't you make me?
Come on.
Marcus, Dex,
your coffee is getting cold.
This don't concern you, Sugar.
All the same, I am concerned.
Come on.
Hmm?
If you can't afford
an attorney,
the court will appoint one for
you, and he'll probably suck.
Sheriff Hood, they're drunk
and they're morons,
but they're grieving
in their own way.
Get the fuck out of here.
Go on.
This isn't over, Hood.
We'll be looking out for you.
Well, I'll be the one in the
car with the flashing lights.
What the fuck
are you looking at?
And you are?
Let's go.
Hey, stick to the trees for at
least two miles. You'll be fine.
What are you talking about?
Where are you going?
- I'm gonna throw them off.
- No, I'm not leaving you!
Listen to me.
You were right about Rabbit.
- He knew. He knew.
- Don't do this.
Don't do this. Don't do this.
We can make it.
Hey, hey! I'll catch up to you.
I love you. I love you.
Take the diamonds.
I'll catch up to you.
Go!
Right there!
No! I got you!
- Stay right where you are.
Get down
on the ground right now.
Right there. Hands up. Don't do it...
Come on.
Copy. We got him.
Baby!
Hey.
You okay, baby?
Yeah.
Just a bad dream.
Is that the Moody report?
Yeah.
It's supposed to be.
But if I had known
there was all this paperwork,
I never would have shot him.
Aw, come on, you must have had
to do this back in Oregon.
Uh, yeah, I wasn't
any better at it then.
You filled out
the incident report twice.
And you have to attach it
to the SO sheet.
- SO?
- State oversight.
Have you already done
the weapons discharge form?
Uh, you know,
Sheriff Morgan used to have
Alma do all this stuff for him.
She enjoys it. Just buy her
a nice bottle of wine.
Look it over when she's done.
Sold.
You gave us your word that
you'd stop ditching school.
- My grades are fine.
- That is not the point.
So where were
you this afternoon?
What's the difference?
It's Saturday.
- My grades are fine, too.
- Rock on, Max.
Deva, this isn't a joke. Your
mother and I are worried about you.
Well, there's nothing
to be worried about.
- Okay?
- That's not what it looks like.
What...
Well, that went well.
I just... I can't do this right now.
Hey, we are not finished.
Women, right?
You little...
- Dad...
- If you turn into a
teenager, I will kill you.
- Mr. Bowman.
- Deputy Brock.
What can we do for you?
- You are the new sheriff?
- That's right.
Something is happening
at the Yoder farm tonight.
Some kind of a barn party.
- A rave?
- Yes.
My son used that word.
He saw them setting it up.
A rave in this town?
Emmett.
Yeah, thank you for coming in.
Sheriff, you'll keep my
family's name out of this?
Yeah, you were never here.
Thank you.
My daughter Rebecca.
- Good evening.
- Good evening, Sheriff Hood.
Very nice to meet you.
You, too.
Rebecca, get in.
What's going on?
Are we going to war?
These raves are highly
organized enterprises.
It's designed for the sole
purpose of selling drugs.
And where there are drugs,
there will be guns.
Usually by the time
we hear about it,
the place is trashed
and everyone is long gone.
Let's go.
Right?
Right.
Like, oh, my God.
There's so many people.
We're with Hanson.
Beaty and Deva.
Oh, like that's gonna help?
- Why don't you wait like everybody else?
- VIPs? Nice.
Hey, Hanson!
Yeah, police band all quiet?
Okay, people, let's get paid.
- Hey!
- You made it. Hey.
What's up? Oh, my God.
- Snacks, anyone?
- Oh, Skulls!
- What is it?
- It's E.
Whoo!
Hey, baby.
You okay?
- Yeah.
- Okay.
Deva.
Deva!
♪ Psychotic, it's psychotic,
psychotic, it's psychotic ♪
♪ Psychotic, psychotic,
psychotic... ♪
So what's the plan?
All right, there's only two
ways in and out of here...
that front entrance and then there's
a utility door around back.
Should be pretty easy
for us to cover.
Yeah, but God only knows how
many kids are actually in there.
Start a panic,
this thing could go
from bad to worse fast.
What are you doing?
We need to see inside.
If I can find
the guy in charge,
we can shut this down
without starting a riot.
So you're just gonna wander in
there and ask who's in charge?
- That's your plan?
- Yeah.
Oh, great.
Aren't you kind of old
to pass for a teenager?
I'm young at heart.
Can't be out of uniform, Hood.
You are legally required
to identify yourself.
Is he always this much fun?
Yeah, I'm here for the rave.
- There's no rave here.
- Come on, guys, what's it gonna take?
Shit. Are you kidding me?
He can't... he can't
just do that, right?
- He's waving.
- Yeah.
What do we do?
Moore,
what's your count on the gate?
Moore, are you hearing me?
I asked what's your count.
Moore, what the fuck? Respond.
Someone get me eyes on Moore.
You got nothing?
Hey, it's Deva.
Leave a message.
Or don't.
Reed? Reed.
What is it?
Reed! Reed!
Help! Somebody help me!
Reed!
Somebody...
help!
Please!
Help!
Something's wrong. Call the
paramedics and get in here.
We've got to shut
this down fast.
Everyone clear out.
It's going south.
Five-O, move out now!
Somebody help! Help!
Help!
- Somebody help me.
- Hey, hey, hey.
Come on. Come on.
Move!
Look at me. Look at me.
You okay?
Are you okay?
- Are you okay? Deva?
This is the BSD.
Please start exiting
in an orderly fashion.
You stay here. Do not move.
Stay there.
- Get out! Get out!
- Get out.
Hey!
You good?
I'm good.
- Is it charged?
- Charged.
- Anything?
- No.
All right. Ready? Charge.
- All right, we gotta call it.
No. No!
No! Oh, no!
Reed! No!
- Oh, my God!
- Shh. It's okay.
Oh, my God.
Shh.
Sit tight. Turn around.
Look at this. Reed Schumacher.
State Senator Schumacher,
that's his son.
What the fuck are you
looking at, bitch?
Hey, shut your mouth.
I asked you a question, bitch...
what the fuck are you looking at?
Sheriff! Sheriff! Hood!
Get the fuck off me.
Come on, I'll take
you both home.
Hood, hey,
what the fuck was that?
Hey, leave it, Brock.
You just beat the shit
out of a handcuffed perp
- in front of 10 witnesses.
- He had it coming.
I don't know how
you did things out West,
but you cannot keep making up
the rules as you go along here.
All right? You're putting the rest
of us in an impossible position.
Get in.
And what the hell
am I supposed to do, huh?
You know what?
I'd seriously
consider resigning.
- Yeah?
- Yeah.
You know what, Sheriff?
I was here long
before you and I'm
gonna be here long
after you're gone,
which by the looks of it,
is gonna be pretty damn soon.
- Maybe.
- Mm-hmm.
But right now
the smartest career move
you could make
would be to get
the fuck out of my way.
Wait!
What...
You cut my fucking finger off.
Our ecstasy trade
generates revenues of
a quarter of a million
dollars a week
in Philadelphia and DC.
I spent years and serious money
developing that network.
And because I'm not
a fucking idiot,
I never sold a single pill
in this county.
I don't shit where
I sleep, Mr. Hanson.
You, on the other hand, have
just taken a steaming dump
right in the middle
of my fucking bed.
You stole my Skulls,
you cooked up a tainted
batch that killed a boy.
But not just any boy.
The boy of a state senator.
Do you understand?
You've unleashed
a shitstorm on me.
I'm sorry, Mr. Proctor.
Now...
I want you to look
over here at Preacher.
Preacher now has
a taste for you.
I'll give you 60 seconds.
What? Are you fucking serious?
Starting now.
Fass!
Please!
It's a hard thing
to see someone die.
First time,
I was younger than you.
A kid from my neighborhood
tried to run across
the railroad tracks.
He tripped on
some gravel and...
you know.
Thing is,
you can't make sense out of it.
All right?
It doesn't make sense.
You hear me?
You just...
I don't know.
You accept it at some point.
Was he a friend of yours?
The kid on the tracks?
No.
No, he was just some asshole
from the neighborhood.
And I was another asshole who dared
him to beat the 5:15 Amtrak.
Now you listen to me. Hey.
You're gonna be okay.
♪ Well, on Monday
I told her, daughter ♪
♪ Daughter, you prepare ♪
♪ You got to find
the gold or the glory ♪
♪ Try to meet him there ♪
♪ Well, I heard
that daughter say ♪
♪ I'm gonna meet him
in that day ♪
♪ But I've got to meet
my death one day ♪
♪ When Father told his mother ♪
♪ Mother, you prepare ♪
♪ You got to find the gold
or the glory ♪
♪ Try to meet him there ♪
♪ Well, I heard
that mother say ♪
♪ I'm gonna meet you
in that day ♪
♪ 'Cause we've got to meet
our death one day ♪
♪ We've got to meet
♪ We've got to meet. ♪
Sync for DEMAND by achelec
www.addic7ed.com